Edited deploy-ydb-federated-query.md (#8248)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/deploy/manual/deploy-ydb-federated-query.md

The {{ ydb-short-name }} cluster and external data sources in a production installation should be deployed on different physical or virtual servers, including clouds. If access to a specific source requires a connector, it should be deployed on the same servers as the dynamic nodes of {{ ydb-short-name }}. In other words, each `ydbd` process running in dynamic node mode should have one local connector process.

The following requirements must be met:

> * The external data source must be accessible over the network to queries from {{ ydb-short-name }} or from the connector, if present.
> * The connector must be accessible over the network to queries from {{ ydb-short-name }}.
>   
>   {% note tip %}
>   
>   To make the connector accessible to the queries, run these processes on the same host.
>   
>   {% endnote %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The external data source must be accessible over the network to queries from {{ ydb-short-name }} database nodes or from the connector, if present.
* The connector must be accessible over the network from {{ ydb-short-name }} database nodes.
  
 {% note tip %}
  
 The easiest way to make the connector accessible from {{ ydb-short-name }} nodes is to run them on the same set of hosts.
  
 {% endnote %}
```

        enable_external_data_sources: true
        enable_script_execution_operations: true
    ```

> 5. Continue deploying {{ ydb-short-name }} database nodes. See the [instructions](./deploy-ydb-on-premises.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Continue deploying {{ ydb-short-name }} dynamic nodes. See the [instructions](./deploy-ydb-on-premises.md).
```

> 5. Continue deploying the dynamic node {{ ydb-short-name }}. See the [instructions](./deploy-ydb-on-premises.md).

Reviewer: If I had to choose, I'd prefer the previous "according to" version, but both are fine.
